= Stepper

Stepper is multistep form (wizard) solution for Rails 3.
Stepper allows you to split up your large form into series of pages that users can navigate through to complete the form and save it state.
== Installation
You can use it with Rails 3:

  gem install stepper
== Getting Started
=== Configuring model
Create migration for model:

  add_column :companies, :current_step, :string
  add_index  :companies, :current_step

Setup names of steps that you want to have:

  has_steps :steps => %w{ description kind address }

Setup validation for each step if necessary, method should have name like <tt>validate_#{step_name}</tt>:

  def validate_description
    self.validates_presence_of :name
    self.validates_presence_of :desc
  end

  def validate_address
    self.validates_presence_of :city
    self.validates_presence_of :country
    self.validates_presence_of :address
  end

  def validate_kind
    self.validates_presence_of :kind
  end

Now Your model ready for multistep form!
=== Configuring controller

Stepper use +update+, +create+ and +new+ action.

For controller you need just add +has_steps+ method:
  class CompaniesController < ApplicationController
    has_steps
  end

And you should have +show+ action because stepper redirects to it when last step finished. It will be configurable in a feature.
=== Configuring view

Add stepper helper method into the form in view that rendered by new action:

  <%= form_for(@company) do |f| %>
    <%= stepper f %>
  <% end %>

+stepper+ helper renders partial according to the current step of form. Partials should have name like <tt>#{step_name}_step</tt>:

+name_step.html.erb+

  <%= f.label :name %>
  <%= f.text_field :name %>
  <%= f.label :desc %>
  <%= f.text_field :desc %>

+city_step.html.erb+

  <%= f.label :city %>
  <%= f.text_field :city %>
  <%= f.label :country %>
  <%= f.text_field :country %>
  <%= f.label :city %>
  <%= f.text_field :city %>

+kind_step.html.erb+

  <%= f.label :kind %>
  <%= f.text_field :kind %>

== Contributing to stepper
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Anton Versal. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

